The Project for the Dinner Tracking Guide

Navigation

Our homepage can be found at design_hompage. From here users can choose to add a recipe, view their shopping list, view their recipes, search recipes, or view the sites most recently added recipes (displayed on the homepage).

If a user chooses to add a recipe, they will be directed to an empty recipe form (design_edit_recipe.html) to fill it out and save it. When the save button is pressed, they will need to log in if they aren't already logged in. They will then be taken to the recipe itself.

If the user chooses to view their shopping list, they will be asked to log in if they aren't already logged in. Then they will be taken to their shopping list, design_shopping_list.html.

If the user chooses to view their recipes, they will be asked to log in if they aren't already logged in. Then they will be taked to design_myRecipes.html. From here they user can view individual recipes or their shopping list.

Seaching for recipes will replace the currently available recipes with the search result.

Recipes are displayed in design_recipe.html. Users can edit this page (although they must change the recipe name to do this), add the recipe to their shopping list (they will not be taken to their shopping list if they choose to do this), or add the recipe to their recipes. They'll be asked to log in before they can do any of this, if they aren't already logged in.

To set up for authorization:
	In config.py, go to https://console.developers.google.com/ to get credentials. 
	Set the following variables in config.py:
		
	GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID = client id provided by google
	GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET = client secret as provided by google
	REDIRECT_URI = redirect uri you gave google
	SECRET_KEY = random string generated by running os.urandom(24) in a Python shell


